test: add visual tests infra (#1047)
gravity-ui/uikit: playwright/README.md

# Playwright Test Component

## How to write a test

> 1. You need to select the component for which you want to write tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the component you want to write tests for
```

> 2. In the component folder, create a folder `__tests__`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Inside the component folder, create the `__tests__` folder
```

Reviewer: Why new name  is __snapshots\__?

> 3. Create a file in it `NameComponent.visual.test.tsx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a file inside it with the following name `<ComponentName>.visual.test.tsx`
```

4. In the file to make imports:

   ```ts
   import React from 'react';

   import {expect, test} from '@playwright/experimental-ct-react';

   import {MyTestedComponent} from '../MyTestedComponent';
   ```

> 5. Writing a test:

Reviewer: 4 and 5 steps can be merged into one

Reviewer: I've meant get code from 4 and put it into 5. Title `In the file to make imports` should be removed also

   ```ts
   test('Name test', async ({mount}) => {
     //mounting a component
     const component = await mount(<MyTestedComponent props={props} />);

     //screenshot
     await expect(component).toHaveScreenshot();
   });
   ```

   Group of tests.

   ```ts
   test.describe('Name group tests', () => {
        test('1', ...);
        test('2', ...);
        ...
        test('10', ...)
   });
   ```

> 6. Running the test: (you don't need to run storybook to test components)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Run tests
```

   ```shell

>    npm run playwright install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   npm run playwright:install
```

   npm run test:component
   ```

>    If you are developing on a system other than Linux, then you need to use a command that takes screenshot tests based on a Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you are using system other than Linux, then you need to run tests via docker command:
```

   ```shell
   npm run test:component:docker
   ```

>    ! the npm run playwright install command must be run for the first time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > `npm run playwright:install` command must be run only once on initial setup
```

> 7. To update screenshots use the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Update screenshots if needed
```

```shell
 npm run test:component:update
```

Or

```shell
 npm run test:component:docker:update
```

> 8. In the folder `__tests__`, in which the folder `NameComponent.visual.test.tsx-snapshots` will appear, it will contain screenshots

Reviewer: This step can be omitted I guess

## Description of possible commands:

1. [playwright-test-components](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-components)
2. [playwright-docs](https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-test)

## Pay attention

> It takes screenshots along the border of the component and if you see that any part of the component did not get into the screenshots, it is recommended to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screenshots are taken within the component boundaries and if it has overflowing content, do the following:
```

```ts
import React from 'react';

import {expect, test} from '@playwright/experimental-ct-react';

import {Component} from '../Component';

test('test Component  ', async ({mount}) => {
  const component = await mount(

>     <div style={{padding: 20}}>

Reviewer: Let's add a special wrapper component and suggest to use it in all tests for consistency

# Playwright Test Component

## How to write a test

1. Select the component you want to write tests for
2. Inside the component folder, create the `__tests__` folder
3. Create a file inside it with the following name `<ComponentName>.visual.test.tsx`

> 4. Writing a test::

Reviewer: double colon

## How to write a test

1. Select the component you want to write tests for

> 2. Inside the component folder, create the `__snapshots__` folder

Reviewer: Why __snapshpts\__? This folder is for generated assets
